# Internet Footprint Governance and AI/ML Decentralized Application (dApp) Prototype

This application seeks to give end users complete autonomy over the data they create online through targeting devices on which users initiate data exchanges with internet based services and turning them into edge nodes in a Decentralized Knowledge Graph (DKG) network. A user facing overlay application which functions to copy data as the user goes about their online activities will communicate with a local component to retain their activity online. Client side encryption, anonymization, commodification and aggregation/analysis is the basis for a networked data control system that prioritizes end users. Asynchronous processes will be in place to catalog and process the data to the DKG in a way that preserves user privacy and autonomy over the information. For analytics purposes a web based portal will be created to allow access to AI insights based on the DKG. A blockchain based reward, governance and data privacy system will be in place in the form of a DKG otherwise referred to as a paranet. Privacy and anonymization techniques like cryptographic hashes,  zero knowledge proofs and hybrid encryption will be used to store minimal user data on chain and secure data off chain decentrally in IPFS while still being able to aggregate it with others on the network for potential insights. Only users who participate in the network will be able to access the data. Additionally federated learning approaches will be explored to develop specific models and AI agents. Users will be able to access and participate in the governance of the network via the web portal. Target base for the application is internet users who want to retain control over their data, generate rewards for contributions to knowledge and gain AI based insights. This is a novel solution to privacy preserving data aggregation, analysis and community governance over information. Potential impacts include a market for data as well as analysis tools and services where the information is stored privately and in complete control of the end users. Network governance and AI insights for individual actors and businesses is an initial starting point for the network but as participation grows this system can include other actors like government entities. Enhancements can allow for effective governance and management of data resulting in community growth for analysis of the information and supply and demand for data in the network. Additionally the modular architecture of the solution will allow for further Application Specific Integrated Systems (ASIS) to be created to target specific use cases.

