# 3rd Space Problem: 

The 3rd space is an area outside of the home and workplace where people are able to interact and socialize at the community level. Throughout much of human history this has been an important part of society. Parks, community centers, libraries and other community resources have served as a place of collaboration and growth for people throughout the years. Recently the concept of the 3rd space has become increasingly less and less prevalent in society. People are spending more time at home due in part to the lack of investment in their local communities. The rapid pace of technology growth and things you're able to accomplish from home likely has something to do with this but it’s also a result of people not really having a 3rd space to go to anymore. Localizing AI systems is a solution to bringing back the 3rd space and providing communities with a fun learning environment where they can build, collaborate and interact within their community and source intelligence based on their community needs. These AI systems are increasingly being integrated into communication networks and empowering localized communities with the tools to leverage their capabilities without having to deal with the current bureaucracy and power structures that are centralizing this technology is crucial for maintaining diversity and innovation in our society. The world has slowly adopted a culture of mediocrity. I believe this is a result of the existing definitions of what it means to be successful. The paradigm is too narrow and contributes to a large degree of issues ranging from mental health to the job market itself. The reality is that everyone has their own skills and is exceptional in their own ways. Through aligning these AI models to ourselves and our local communities we can ensure that this range of human abilities is celebrated and enhanced instead of pigeonholed into a specific mold of what it means to be successful. 