# Future Roadmap
- Mobile support using multiple optimization techniques for software and hardware processes to ensure things run effectively. 
Desktop based data exchange platforms with high throughput will be targeted.
- Federated learning processes will take place and use direction from the community governance model to create dedicated AI agents for communities in the network. This will require complex logic and data collection methods to ensure their processes are not disrupted. 
- Additional Application Specific Integrated Systems (ASIS) will be designed to target specific communities. As the data set grows machine learning on the system will improve and new analysis and insight techniques will be developed. Additional application functionality will be built to target various roles in the internet ecosystem and grow the community. This will allow for the DKG to grow, improve data exchange processes and generate valuable insights for participants at each stage of the process. 
- Personal AI agents that have been customized and trained on privatized user data. These models will function to enhance user experience in the internet landscape. The training process will involve utilization of privacy techniques to ensure they do not have access to any of the raw user data but are still able to provide meaningful, personalized feedback to the user. (Federated Learning and Homomorphic encryption).
- Embedded systems for internet infrastructure. Local hardware implementations at the the community level to handle the AI/Machine Learning infrastructure. This allows for the system to be further decentralized and distributed. 
