# Introduction and Overview

## Project Purpose and Background:

Current internet systems take and store user provided data in siloed repositories making aggregation and insights across the network difficult. This application seeks to solve for data sovereignty, privacy and community orienting analysis across disparate parties. Through transforming user devices into edge nodes for a decentralized knowledge network, participants can act as knowledge miners by contributing valuable data to the network as they interact with the internet. Users can be rewarded for their contributions to the network and also access AI/ML based querying on the network data itself to gain insights as well as engage in community governance. 

Data needs also vary by industry and it is often difficult to generate meaningful insights from fractured sets of information. The governance model proposed in this solution initially targets individual users but the vision is to allow organizations to participate and drive forward changes via collaborative governance. The ecosystem will also allow for the development of novel data solutions and allow for splitting of development costs and resources for enhancements that could be advantages to multiple actors in the data economy. Participants will also be able to drive the type of data that is captured on the network to improve their analysis capabilities for business improvements and solution development. Initially governance will be limited mostly to individuals contributing data but the idea is for the ecosystem to expand. The purpose of this document outlines the application that will initially begin onboarding users. 

**Goals and Objectives:**

This application seeks to provide a lightweight integration solution to organize and aggregate the data that users provide in their online interactions in a privacy preserving way for the purpose of meaningful market and data insights as well as introduce a community governance model over internet data supply and demand. Users will participate in the network as knowledge miners by providing the data they run through their system to the Decentralized Knowledge Graph (DKG) in the form of knowledge assets. Through these contributions they have the ability to generate community rewards which can be used to drive change and development in the ecosystem or serve as a financial incentive. 
AI/ML integration will also act as a data supply and demand agent using the information in the system. AI/ML models currently are restricted in terms of the data they have access to and therefore the insights they can provide. This solution aims to solve that for individual and organization actors and allow the users to securely manage and gain insights from not only their own data but that of other individuals, industries and actors in the internet ecosystem. Additionally through decentralized storage techniques and cryptography it’s possible for customers to retain complete autonomy and privacy over their data while still contributing it to the network in a meaningful way and gaining valuable insights from it. 

In addition to the data insights that could be yielded from the platform, a community governance model is proposed to allow collaboration between the individuals and organizations from various industries to improve the ecosystem. Furthermore, capabilities to allow specific parties to access pieces of information securely that wouldn’t otherwise be transmitted in traditional methods can be explored. 


